feat: added http.route in rails instrumentation to match the spec (#661)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-ruby: instrumentation/rails/README.md

end
```

### Configuration options

> The `http.route` attribute is disabled by default because we use [.recognize](https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/main/actionpack/lib/action_dispatch/journey/router.rb#L65)

Reviewer: Instead of pointing to the main branch which may lose context as it changes, lets just use the current latest tag.
```suggestion
The `http.route` attribute is disabled by default because we use [.recognize](https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/v6.1.3/actionpack/lib/action_dispatch/journey/router.rb#L65)
```
